#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade-requirements
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   sphinx
build==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
codecov==2.1.13
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coverage[toml]==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.21
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
keyring==24.2.0
    # via twine
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
newrelic==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.14
    # via readme-renderer
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==2.15.10
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==42.0
    # via twine
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   codecov
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.5.3
    # via twine
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   tox
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydocstyle
    #   sphinx
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
    #   rich
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
