#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade-requirements
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.13.5
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
codecov==2.1.13
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.3.1
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-lint==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via pytest
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.4
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
newrelic==9.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.5
    # via edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pylint==2.15.10
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.31.0
    # via codecov
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   tox
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/open-release/palm.master/requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via tox
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
